Update 05_building_executing_dynamic_sql_statements.mdx (#6645)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/17/application_programming/ecpgplus_guide/05_building_executing_dynamic_sql_statements.mdx

This example shows how to execute a query with a known number of input parameters and with a known number of columns in the result set. This method uses the `PREPARE` statement to parse and plan a query and then opens a cursor and iterates through the result set.

!!! Note of Calling Stored Procedures

> There is a limitation that stored procedure cannot be executed by `CALL` query, if it is a dynamic query using `EXEC SQL PREPARE/EXECUTE`. If you need to include `CALL` query, you must use it only in static SQL and make sure the sql invoked toward EPAS, not community PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stored procedures cannot be executed using the `CALL` query when they are part of a dynamic query with `EXEC SQL PREPARE/EXECUTE`. If you want to include a `CALL` query, it must be used only in static SQL. Additionally, ensure that the SQL is directed toward EPAS rather than the community version of PostgreSQL.
```
